Hello, tell me police control room, what do you think? My name is Rohit Vishnoi. Nothing, I had got the verification done for our workers. Okay, okay, so after how many days will he come? You will be contacted by the police station itself. Okay, you have done it online, right? Yes, it's done. Have you seen the truck complaint? No, I haven't seen it in that. Yes, there is a truck complaint in the police app. Go into it, there will be a verification option after Ver Instant. Open it. It will be visible in it. Take out the photocopy and keep it with you. If the police ever comes, it will come to me immediately. If you got it done just now, yes, you got it done just now, so it gets registered in it, inside it, in the truck app, that means such an entry is made. The verification police station people will do the inquiry themselves. They will then try to contact you in the middle. Okay, so the police will come here, they will not come here sir. Okay, did you understand? They will call you. Enter the call number in your office. Ha ha. So in that you will get a call from the police station, outpost, wherever the labourers live, if it is from other state, then their character certificate is required, there will be information about other state, if they are from other state, then you marked it, then how did you register in it, there is no further action in it, then it was told in compulsory, which state do you belong to, your shop is in Dehradun, no, and the worker is from Chamoli, and the one is not from other state, it is other district, yes, so if you keep it from other state, then for that, the worker who comes from there, you will have to ask for certificate from his police station, outpost office, that is, you will have to ask for it, okay, keep in mind further, if you apply from other state, for that, you will get a call from the police station itself, you should check in try your complaint, photocopy, if it happens at the spot that it is not working, it will not open, you have to take out the photocopy and keep it, okay, yes, there is an option in try your complaint, options will open in it, create instantly, so verification also comes in it, it opens in it we will go whatever you have done just now okay okay thank you okay